That everyone is here.
I will start to stand up.
I'm starting with Max.
What did you do the past few days?
Uh, honestly, not that much.
OK, fair enough.
No, sorry I didn't do that much.
Is there notice fine?
Is there something specifically blocking you?
I just don't know quite exactly what to work on.
There.
It's not well explained by the teachers.
No, I agree.
I will tell you what we will work.
We'll be working on today, so I'm gonna skip that question.
OK. Umm.
Marwa, what did you work on?
Or same as Max.
Same as Max.
I just don't know how to start.
OK, so also confused with.
Yeah, lack of information from the teachers.
Yep.
And for Michael same.
A bit. Yeah.
OK.
Yeah, I'll try to look for some data set, but yeah, it's more or less the same with everyone.
OK fine, I did rework my question a bit, so I'm not sure if you guys wanna resee my PowerPoint.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah.
OK, then I'm gonna share.
My screen.
Yeah.
Can you guys see my screen? OK.
Oh, wait, I think you're in there now.
Yeah.
OK, everyone is in the Trello, so that's good.
OK, so I reworked my research question to be what is the correlation between immigration and educational outcomes in different neighborhoods?
And then the same as I had.
How can data different insights from an AI model contributes to improving education in these neighborhoods?
And instead of predictive model, since we already have the data from the past few years, it's very easy to predict.
It's gonna be pretty similar to the last years.
I thought either a regression or a causal inference model could be helpful.
Not sure if you guys agree but and I also changed that on the AI canvas.
But yeah, that's what I changed.
OK.
Yeah.
Yeah, I will do that.
Could you maybe send a simple differentiation as well so that we can 2?
I'll do that after the meeting. So.
Yes, sure.
OK, let me see.
But uh, if is that the theme we wanna go for or do we still wanna go with Max's theme from public nuisance?
But honestly, I I think I need to read it like slowly.
OK.
Yeah.
What do you need to do?
Uh, like that?
To read it slowly like to like once again, you know no sleeping.
I mean, you do have my PowerPoint presentation, right?
Oh, that one, OK.
I mean, I'm talking about Esas now, the new one, yeah.
Yeah, that's fair.
Personally, I like Esau's team more, mainly because like I have more more personal interests that into it.
Yeah, I basically combine it with your research question.
Yeah.
Let's see if I can find my.
I can't find it right now, but I will add that shortly after the guy that's see Ohm Michael is in Trello, so that's done.
Did you all join the shared GitHub repository?
No, not here.
No, I don't.
I have not yet.
OK, so if you go to the general teams, I think Dean shared a message.
See general.
Yeah.
I already made one, so you just have to join the one that says Team 10.
And we just click the link didn't provide and then then.
Yeah, I think you can.
Then it allows you to choose which repository to choose.
Yeah, you want to join.
Yup.
Team 10 rides.
Kingdom.
Yeah.
Ready to Go, Team 10.
OK, got it.
OK, good.
You tell me.
Let's add that to my favorites.
Uh.
Tech.
You have time for sure.
Done.
OK.
Are the others in there too?
Yeah.
You know.
OK good.
I am uploading my uh presentation now.
I think it's there.
It's the newest one.
It's in the files from Team 10.
See.
There's nothing in there yet.
Cheese.
Yeah, just uploaded a few seconds ago.
1.
Nothing in there yet will probably pop up in a few seconds.
It will pop up.
OK, uh, I think it's best if we read through it.
Not not while calling that that doesn't have to be well calling but and then decide before around 12:30.
Umm.
Which thing we wanna go with because then we can still fill in the Trello page because I need to present it to Ahmet free.
Just mute.
Do we have to change the layout of the Trello board?
Because this? Yeah.
We might, because Alican did share a how he wanted it to look like.
I did add the Sprint planning boards, but I think he wanted something else too.
Yeah.
And we also, I'm gonna look at that, but we also need to do a risk assessment and something for legal and ethics, some use cases.
But I will look at that.
Alright.
So I guess, yeah.
Yeah.
Your concern is still not in the GitHub page, by the way.
It's not.
No, you'll probably uh, uploaded it to your own GitHub.
Oh no, I uploaded it to team.
Sorry.
Ohh.
Uh, teams, that's why.
Yeah, but I can also upload it to GitHub.
It's also not in teams.
Not Susan.
Not in there.
Uh, it's uh in files not filed.
Uh there.
Let's see.
Yeah.
So it's all in a new post or something.
Yeah, got it.
These are thing.
Yeah.
But it's.
OK.
Umm.
So what do we all have to do today?
Uh, today at three, we have the Sprint planning with Ali, John and I need to because I'm the scrum master.
And then.
I will present to him our Trello page, so this Sprint planning the product backlog and the what is it called?
Yeah, the other thing.
Umm.
But yeah, so we need to.
But we meet him all, like all of us here.
Like join the meeting you're presenting, but we are all there.
That what you mean?
Yeah, I think we all need to be there.
OK.
OK, OK.
It's just that I am the spokesperson.
And then then we OK and all this meeting we will like, yeah, I figure it out.
Set the plan for what to do the next day.
Six so that we all have some job to do.
We'll stay right.
Yeah, basically.
That maybe it's like for now, it's pretty at least that's how I feel like pretty confusing.
Yeah.
But two, start with what?
I think if we choose a theme quickly then we can fill in the Trello page.
At least to a certain extent.
So do product backlog and what we want to do this week?
Mm-hmm.
I think that's just data preprocessing, so that should be fine and I will look at the risk assessment and the legal and ethics use cases.
So it would be helpful if you freedom can fill into Trello page.
It's just general stuff like the data preprocessing.
OK.
Alright.
Can do.
Candu 3.
Yeah, I don't mind which fever picking.
I I like Max's.
'S I like mine.
I don't mind.
I'm also fine with yours.
I don't really care.
Hello.
Yeah.
For me, it's yours is.
You're the problem.
So we have to fill in the Sprint planning or what do we have to do?
Yeah, at least for a week one.
What we want to achieve in one week for the Sprint, so the I think for this week they also made some sort of.
Yeah.
And it says for week four's data preparation, so just that.
See week four planner first Sprint with your product owner together.
Online teams are with their consent.
Otherwise, evidence by the 1st Sprint, let's see.
Umm, what did I work on yesterday when I working on today and what issues are blocking me?
Yeah, basically what we we're doing that now, we already did that.
Oh yeah, we talked about it.
OK.
Yeah.
So what needs to be into Trello page is just data preparation, so gathering the data and then whatever needs to be cleaned or merged and that's what we're doing this week.
Umm.
No.
So I think for first Sprint that should be doable, right? OK.
Umm, so this week we're just looking for data.
That's it.
Yeah, and already cleaning and merging and preparing it to be used.
But what what will be like the goal you're going to be like dashboard and model?
Yeah, dashboards and a model.
So if we're picking mine, it's probably a regression model.
Umm.
Yeah, big relevant data for that.
I'm fine with that.
You know.
Yeah.
Me.
Is everyone fine with my theme then or OK?
Yes, ma'am.
Let's see.
So we're doing everything in Python.
Yeah.
We did.
We we're we're not gonna make a dashboard or something.
There we are.
Is it?
Is it necessary?
We, we we could make a dashboard, but I think the model is necessary.
The dashboard is optional so.
But it gives you like a higher grade though.
Yeah, true.
We could make a dashboard.
If it gets us a higher grade and I'm down for it, but.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe then we can like split the like tasks somehow.
Umm.
Like, do you guys feel like a better with doing that sports or what would you what you're what you think?
I mean.
I'm actually fine with both.
Uh, I already have.
Umm.
Oh, nice.
OK.
Uh, like a layout for my dashboards like I could use my previous layout from block a I think and yeah, we just have to modify it, alter it.
OK, that could work.
OK, for me personally, I I like doing like I could do more.
That sure.
Uh towards the like model, so I can't speak more.
Yeah.
And what do you prefer, Marwa?
Umm, I guess the dashboard.
OK.
So me and Marwa will work on the dashboard and YouTube will work on the Python on the on the coding stuff for now.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I think this week we don't have to do the coding stuff yet, so.
Yeah, just like we'll have probably the same data.
OK.
Yeah.
We'll just later use it differently here 20.
Yeah, exactly.
Umm.
So we just have to look for data now and uh, the ones who use who will use Python will have to clean it because we OK, cool.
Yes.
OK, so today.
Uh, should I also sent you guys the layout for my dashboard and see if you guys like it?
Yeah, sure.
So.
Yeah.
Will do.
I'll put it on teams and.
The garden for today, just update the Trello page.
Alright.
OK.
I will look at the risk assessment and the legal use cases and we'll meet at for you again, yeah.
Is there some template for the travel board?
How to it?
Bram sent something, right?
Yeah.
Like some like the template talk to to the Trello board.
Bum, Bum and Ali Translate also something in the mentor group.
So I think if you follow that, it should be fine.
OK, OK.
And then I will present it to him.
Where in it's.
OK.
So the ones who will work on the trailer page are you guys staying in this?
Uh.
Yeah.
This uh meeting.
Umm.
Yeah, we can do that.
OK, cool.
OK.
Then I'll.
OK, I just uploaded my what's it called?
Umm so a layouts.
Non teams.
Where on GitHub or seems good?
Umm.
Should I have to install?
So you can't remember how did the bird?
Let's speak the task on the Lego workshop.
Like what?
Work like what was there like done London in progress?
Something like this.
Do you remember that?
Maybe like, how did he categorize the the task?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you remember when we had Lego like the Scrum workshop on Friday?
Bert was sticking like some tasks on the like.
Yeah, stick notes on the board.
Oh yeah.
He had numbers 12358 and 13 or something like that.
I mean, yeah, that was the like priority.
But he also would stick them in some like 3 categories.
Yeah.
I think like the like tasks two to be done in progress and done.
Still, the OR still have to be done in progress and completed.
Yeah.
OK.
So that's what we can do in the the board, I think.
Yes.
No.
Well, you can add the tasks like searching for data preprocessing, data, merging the data, stuff like that.
Umm.
So I think it's I, aside from the obvious confusion from the teachers, but it's pretty clear now, right?
So far, yeah.
OK.
I've.
But if there are any questions, do send them to me in what step or something?
Because then I can ask Ali shown in the meeting.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, you want.
That's fine.
Umm.
OK, so if all of that is clear, I'm probably gonna leave and focus on the legal and risk assessments and then you can work on the Trello page.
You know, thank you.
Will do.
Yes, OK.
And so see you at 3:30.
If you need me in the meeting, then just text me and I'll be there.
Well.
He had the meeting was at three right.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's it for you.
OK.
That good.
Oh, what do you what?
What did you think of the dashboard by the way?
Oh yeah, I wanted to tell you, I really like the design, so I like to set up.
I think we can use this for our project.
Umm.
You can.
Then our alter it somewhere this week.
And you made it so, yeah.
Yes.
OK.
Then I'll see you guys later.
Will do and the Chao?
Bye. Bye.
But.
Here.
Is it still being recorded, by the way? Yeah.
That's what I'm saying this.
Is it?
You know, I think it's still being recorded.
How can we?